docs: add snapshot testing with vitest (#789)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/features/testing/vitest.md

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ## Snapshot Testing with Vitest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Snapshot Testing
```

> For Snapshot testing you can use `toMatchSnapshot` from `expect` API,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For snapshot testing you can use `toMatchSnapshot` from `expect` API.
```

> Below is an small example of how to write a Snapshot test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a small example of how to write a snapshot test:
```

```ts
// card.component.spec.ts

import { ComponentFixture, TestBed } from '@angular/core/testing';

import { CardComponent } from './card.component';

describe('CardComponent', () => {
  let fixture: ComponentFixture<CardComponent>;
  let component: CardComponent;

  beforeEach(() =>
    TestBed.configureTestingModule({
      imports: [CardComponent],
    })
  );

  beforeEach(() => {
    fixture = TestBed.createComponent(CardComponent);
    component = fixture.componentInstance;
    fixture.detectChanges();
  });

  it('should create the app', () => {
    expect(fixture).toMatchSnapshot();
  });

```

> Once you run the test, a `card.component.spec.ts.snap` file will be created under `__snapshots__` with below content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you run the test, a `card.component.spec.ts.snap` file is created in the`__snapshots__` folder with the below content:
```

```ts
// Vitest Snapshot v1, https://vitest.dev/guide/snapshot.html

exports[`CardComponent > should create the app 1`] = `
  <component-code>
`;
```

> You should commit artifacts generarted and they should be reviewed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The snapshots generated should be reviewed and added to version control.
```
